1. Golf Course Policy:
Tee time reservation cancellation policy in effect.

48 hours notice required for tee time cancellation.
Players are required to check in no later than 20 minutes before their tee time at the golf registration desk in the pro shop.
Please register with the course starter 10 minutes prior to their tee time.
Pace of play is 2 hours per nine holes and 15 minutes for halfway house. The club does make use TAG Marshal and course marshals to assist in keeping the pace of play. Golfers are always to respect marshals and assist in keeping their position in the field.
Golfers failing to arrive will be charged a no show fee.
We look forward to welcoming you to The Country Club Johannesburg
Note: Please do not respond to this email - contact Golf Bookings for amendments or cancellations on 011- 2021620 or 011-2021621 or email: directorofgolf@ccj.co.za.
Bevan du Plessis Director of Golf The Country Club Johannesburg

2. Any payment links are valid for up to 48 hours, after which bookings without payment are automatically cancelled.
If a refund is agreed and due, it will take between 7 & 10 working days to be processed. Please contact accountant@dezalzegolf.com in order to have your refund actioned.
Variable rates – Our online booking platform offers variable rates i.e. The ability to select different rates and associated costs. If it is found that the incorrect rate was selected upon booking and payment, the club reserves the right to raise the outstanding balance or difference in rates upon player check-in.
To secure your booking, payment must be completed within 24 hours. Bookings not paid within this time-frame will be automatically cancelled.
“No Shows”: No refunds will be issued.
Booking adjustments: De Zalze Golf Club reserves the right to combine 1, 2 or 3 ball bookings into 4 ball groups as needed.
Cancellation requests: Please email your cancellation request to golfdirector@dezalzegolf.com, asstgolfdirector@dezalzegolf.com or accountant@dezalzegolf.com

Refunds will be made as follows:
– If a booking is cancelled more than 7 days before it falls due, 100% of the payment will be refunded
– If a booking is cancelled within 7 days but more than 48 hours before the booking falls due, 50% will be refunded
– If a booking is cancelled within 48 hours of falling due there will be no refunds
– If the course is closed through bad weather on the day of the booking, a full refund will be made.

3. Stellenbosch Golf Club reserves the right of entry and may evict any person who misbehaves or causes a nuisance for the Golf Club or any of its patrons;
Stellenbosch Golf Club is first and foremost a golf establishment and all functions hosted will be congruous with a golfing environment;
Any booking will be subject to a meeting with the Food and Beverage Manager, who will have the final say regarding the hosting of a particular function, party, conference or wedding;
The Stellenbosch Golf Club provides only the venue and the food and beverage services. The Club does not provide, nor does the price include, the services of a wedding or conference coordinator;
All catering must be done by, and all food and beverages provided by, the Stellenbosch Golf Club;
Payments must be made within 24 hours from confirmation of booking.
Cancelation policy:
No refunds will be made if a function is cancelled less than 72 hours before the expected start of said function.
Cancellations earlier than 72 hours will be refunded in total save for a 10% admin fee provided that the Stellenbosch Golf Club did not suffer any other losses due to the cancellation, including, but not limited to, the cancellation of another possible function that could have taken place at the time of the cancelled function. Any such losses suffered will be deducted from the cancelled function’s fee and the balance will be refunded.

4. CASHLESS POLICY: Seasons Golf Course is a cashless environment. Only Credit and Debit Cards are accepted.
Payment & Cancellation Policy:
When using the online booking system, a full payment is required via a credit or debit card. There is a free-of-charge cancellation policy. Should you cancel your booking 48 hours before your tee time, you will receive a full refund. If you cancel less than 48 hours or in the case of a no show there will be no refund.
Weather:
No refund will be offered if the course is closed due to inclement weather and you are unable to play your round of golf. Additionally, you are welcome to change the tee time to a different day. Please note that course closure is at the discretion of Golf Course Management
Notes:
Please report to the Pro Shop 20 minutes before the booked tee time.
Please have booking confirmation ready when checking in for the round
Please note that all bookings are only finalized once Payment has been completed.

5.Randpark Golf Club GENERAL CANCELLATION POLICY
All bookings will be secured by pre-payment.
If payment is not secured within 24 hours the booking will be cancelled.
All cancellations must be done via email to golf@randpark.co.za or admin@randpark.co.za
Any cancellation within 4 – 10 days prior to the date of play will be subject to up to a 50% cancellation fee of both greenfees and carts.
Cancellation made within 4 days or fewer prior to the date of play will be subject to between 50% - 100% cancellation fee for both greenfees and carts.
No refund for No Show.
No affiliated rates will be allocated without a valid affiliated/student card being presented.
Late arrivals will be regarded as a “No Show” / cancelled tee off time and are subject to the same penalties.
Randpark reserves the right to create 4-balls from 1, 2 and 3 ball bookings.
Please note Randpark has gone cashless. No payments will be accepted with cash.

6. CANCELLATION POLICY
i. Cancellations made 24 hours or more prior to the first tee time:
ii. Complete Cancellation – Call club to re-arrange date or refund deposit to credit card.
iii. Cancellation of a player(s) – Call club to refund player deposit on credit card.
iv. Amending the date or time of a booking – Call club to confirm rate. The new date & time booked will be subject to the rate available on the new date and the deposit will be offset against that rate.
v. Cancellations or amendments made within 24 hours of the first tee time will forfeit their deposit.
vi. Non-arriving players will be treated as a cancellation and will be subject to a cancellation charge as detailed in 3 (ii).
vii. Cancellation or alterations can be made by emailing, calling or in person at The Club.
 CANCELLATION DURING PLAY
i. When the course is open and the weather conditions questionable;
ii. If a golfer(s) chooses to play a 9-hole or 18-hole round of golf, then the weather worsens and the golfer(s) decides not to continue, no refund will be given.
iii. If the golfer(s) chooses to play a 9-hole or 18-hole round of golf, and in the event of any unforeseen circumstances the golfer(s) decides not to continue, no refund will be given.
iv. If the golfer(s) chooses to play an 18 hole round, if the golfer(s) come off the course during the back 9 holes no refund will be given.
CANCELLATIONS MADE BY THE CLUB
i. When the course is closed, no person may play on the course and all bookings are cancelled. It is then up to the individual(s) concerned to re-book their tee time(s) by emailing, calling or in person at The Club within 24 hours from their original tee off time.

7. Visitor bookings must be cancelled a minimum of 48 hours prior to the tee time.
Any cancellation not made within the above-mentioned time frame will not be eligible for a refund.
Refunds will only be processed if the course is closed.
Any payment links are valid for up to 24 hours, after which bookings without payment are automatically cancelled.
If you have any queries about this policy please contact Glendower.
Refunds will take between 7 & 10 working days to be processed. The refund will be processed back to the original debit / credit card from which the payment was made. No EFT refunds will be made.
Variable rates – Our online booking platform offers variable rates i.e. The ability to select different rates and associated costs. If it is found that the incorrect rate was selected upon booking and payment, the club reserves the right to raise the outstanding balance or difference in rates upon player check-in.